Random note content\n\n\n---\ntags: 
- #mind #concept\nlinks: [[010 Mind MOC|Mind]], 
- 
- [[020 Body MOC|Body]]\ncreated: 201806189999",
"# Guiding Principles of Knowledge Management\nWhen it comes to managing your digital knowledge, the following are some guiding values and principles to consider.\n\n### Guiding Values\n*A digital library should:*\n1. Possess Excellent Note Retrieval - both today and in 10 years\n2. Be Future-Proofed - ensure notes are not fragile but robust [^1]\n3. Be a Joy to Use\n5. Encourage Deep, Engaged Contextual Thinking\n6. Allow for the Spontaneous Cross-Pollination of Ideas\n7. Produce Finished Products, when desired\n8. Encourage repetitions - repetitions strengthen memory\n\nThese values are cultivated in the [[IMF START|IMF framework]]. Go there after reading the rest here.\n\n### Guiding Principles\n1. The more ways you can access a note, the better chance you have of retrieving that note. (Accessibility)\n2. The more contexts a note has, the better the chance you have of retrieving that note. (Contextual Breadcrumbs)\n3. Most notes should not go longer than a page - if they do, consider splitting them. (Note Atomicity) [^2]\n4. Making connections between notes improves our libraries. It fosters new insights and enhances note retrieval and memory. (Connections)\n5. Getting repetitions in our library improves our memory. (Repetitions)\n6. A digital library should make sense and be useable to someone else (assuming they are familar with zettelkasten)—including your Future Self. (Readability)\n\n\n### Guiding Questions\n1. Can I find what I'm looking for? Quickly? Easily?\n2. Am I floating fast and friction-less?\n3. Can I be surprised by serendipitous connections?\n\n---\ntags: #IMF #PKM \nlinks:  [[IMF START]], [[IMF MOC]]\nmodified: 2020-05-23\n\n\n[^1]: Much can be said about future-proofing your notes. In short: be aware of how software is locking you in. And don't trust exporters, there is little incentive for the companies to allow you to export perfectly out of their software (ie Evernote), although customers are demanding that now and there are many good players like Bear and Obsidian.\n[^2]: Note Atomicity is a term coined over at the excellent site zettelkasten.de. It's basically: one idea should equal one note. I'm relaxed in this, so I guess I practice a looser, Laissez Faire note atomicity.",
"tags: #pkm #IMF\nlinks: [[IMF START]], [[IMF MOC]], [[Setting Up IMF]]\n\n\n### Is IMF for me?\n**If you're just starting out**\nYou don't *need* any of this. Just make notes and start writing. Worry about structure later.\n\n**If you've got around 100-500 notes**\nSome of your favorite notes will become harder to find. You'll start to desire a way to structure and organize your notes. *Like a vampire thirsting for blood, you'll find yourself gravitating toward the creation of [[Maps of Content]].*\n\n**If you've got around 1000-4000 notes**\nYou'll want to structure your structures. This is where these flexible frameworks starts providing mega-value. There are a lot of [[Benefits of IMF|benefits]].\n\n**If you've got 4000-40,000 notes**\nI've now entered the realm of speculation... Note retrieval issues become amplified: can you find the thing you're looking for? I would say your only hope is a fundamentally robust set of coexisting frameworks. Hopefully an IMF-equipped library can scale effectively at these numbers. You'll probably have MOCs built upon other MOCs. I would imagine the Index would still be your initial launching pad.\n\n---\nIf you're still enthusiastic about IMF-styled libraries, then [[Setting Up IMF|start setting up your IMF frameworks]].",
"tags: #stories #MOC\nlinks: [[060 Writings MOC|Writings]] \n\n---\n# Stories\nWelcome to the Stories MOC. The idea here is that I have a spot to easily collect and reference stories in my life. They are for hip pocket conversations, potential speeches, and for general memories.\n\n==Note: The links won't work since the associated notes are not provided in the starter kit.==\n\n## Story Lists\nMy List of Stories [[201412101836 Example]] - transfer this list here\nStory File [[201412131846 Example]] \n[[Dreams MOC Example]]\n[[Hip Pocket MOC Example]]",
"tags: #MOC #speech #speech80 #speechNotes\nlinks: [[060 Writings MOC|Writings]] \n\n---\n# Speeches\nIf you give speeches in any capacity, compile them here. \n\n**Best Practices**\nUse #speech to see all speeches. Use #speech80 as a way sort by speeches that are over 80% done. This means, they are basically finished, in theory. Use. #speechNotes to compliment a speech as a place to dump scratch notes and piles of possibly useful info.\n\n## List of Notable Speeches\n[[201602182018 Example Speech]]\n[[201506011200 Example Speech]]\n[[201502241739 Example Speech]]\n[[201501181600 Example Speech]]\n[[201412131922 Example Speech]]\n[[201412131938 Example Speech]]\n[[201412131836 Example Speech]]\n[[201409031722 Example Speech]]\n[[201405120614 Example Speech]]\n[[201405110920 Example Speech]]\n[[201310161254 Example Speech]]\n[[201304081735 Example Speech]]\n[[2010042711311 Example Speech]]\n[[200999999999 Example Speech]]\n\n## By Topic\n### Work\n### Personal Development\n### Story Development\n### Science\n\n